Hi all
here back here
I was not dead
you were not dead what do you do with a spear
shooting at a locus
and that I have to answer I do not know the
I really have to tell you
that is going to kill me a cactus that 's what
what if away
and I get to kill and the first the
first contact that I have practically
with him that's because I was in two
previous games to this and I had to
leave because they were pure bots there was one
in one but it ended up going
as I say this it kills me
but hey what I said if I'm alive
I'm still alive, I'm so sorry, I'm asking
apologies
the boat is ok I killed him and he comes more
people, I'm hearing them, I do not have to
see there is
well, save me
because I do not know why I comment on
I live at least I will not talk
I wanted to apologize well I know that
I absent myself and without giving reasons but good
My things
I'm very sorry but I'm here
making a video so good
and I wanted to tell you that basically
I was reluctant to play
basically and I'm doing other things
in the time he had he played other
things and the truth did not lend
attention to record the games that was
when and upload them I think that with that I
attack
and upload them to the channel maybe I'll
start doing it I'm going to start climbing
something more varied is worth that round
well something more varied that is not
only years for the reason that this
departure is going pretty well but
is that
the subject is like the truth that I
getting past games where it is
practically on via bots and goes
jumping one side when they finish like me
is going to go point him to the wall and it was a
jump and jump to the other side the truth
which is the one that is terrible that there is now
same at 10 at least for me
I say that for all equal
others will vote, I'll keep the
pineapples since I got him quite and pretty
so good there is joining count
this can have this can have this
can have
did not die who was here is there that
is
I would have wow wow what I had before
also put a button or one can
kill the bots properly as 34 are
bosteros I'm going to kill basically it's very
difficult to play what I can do and
I was thinking to continue with
this of the 10 a wow is to play with you
as
and send me messages in the account
I'm going to get
away from messages and I'm inviting you
It is also surely I will warn you
twitter the ballet and you will not die
ok there were two you see right not us
I had seen
but good basically I'll warn you
twitter I was already inviting people and
they miss the shot to the head with him
while it is still
I can not complain because the truth is
failed too
good to say that basically follow me
twitter facebook if you want to play a
little bit
and would invite them to a game or that
create from any of you in
a more or less neutral host but is that
just as it is right now for me it is
very difficult to play games and make
live comments and be able to play in what
that I will practically do is
play other games you tell me what
games would like to see me play and oslo
if I like it and I see that it does not fall if I see
I like games that because if I
like obviously I 'm not going to play something that
I do not like
the games and upload it to the channel can
continue will continue to have hoaxes
What I do have a problem is that in
kill me be right now because the
I'm really failing enough
shots too but good is always
good to come back here it 's secret that a
marcus no
it seems to be very crazy I do not have one left and
the fault I have a partner that was
getting in so with the spear would have
to suffice two companions who
came out from behind it has been perfect
it seems that we have already won good
that you liked this video
thank you very much for all the support that
they have given me although I know that I am a fool and
well I have not gone up much lately
but well tell my games leave me in
the comments games I am going to try
answer as much as you can
tell me on facebook on twitter by
Wherever not for this same video
better would be better and that the people who would
you think I should play a game that
and someone commented on it because you give it a
like that comment if it goes up and I see it
quicker good that was all I hope that
you liked it and we'll see you in another video
see you later